发布时间：Jun 8
正文：I do think LeaderDrive (688017) is China's standout component leader in the robotics sector.

I've done a lot of research on other robotics picks / $TSLA Optimus suppliers, but LeaderDrive is extremely unique.

Compared to others doing lower margin assembly, or lower value components, with higher design out risk.

Western institutions like Goldman Sachs Research flags LeaderDrive many times:

-> As a company with high technology barriers (eg. harmonic reduction gear).

-> and likely capturing high component value costs like planetary roller screws of each humanoid produced.

In simpler terms with LeaderDrive, you cover:

1. Many different components, with high barrier to entry
2. High BOM of each humanoid made, if you combine them together
3. Mass production capability at low cost.

For each humanoid made.

Please do your research on this topic before making your own decision; but long-term if you believe in humanoid sector growth: I think LeaderDrive (688017) is very compelling.

Risk is mainly coming from other emerging Chinese companies taking over market share of different individual components. 

As well as mass-production margins decreasing over time; as seen with $VPG going from $750 (for early stage pre-production) -> $150 for sensors. 

But in general, I don't believe companies outside China like Harmonic Drive (6324) can achieve the same costs for mass production, which is why $TSLA Optimus is creating extensive supply chains from China.   

So we'll likely see supply chains be bifurcated with cheap mass production $15k-20K humanoids from Chinese supply chains. And higher cost humanoids from Western supply chains.

Again if you look at current P/E ratios and say it's high; a lot of it is misunderstanding comes from not looking at forward growth:

Nothing has been mass produced yet.  AGIbot has recently achieved 10k units produced back in March.

But in the next 3-5 years, the TAM of the humanoid/robotics sector forecasted by Elon Musk and others very large, if he's expecting millions of humanoids to be produced a year. 

So my expectation is the current $10.65B MC would look very tiny in hindsight of LeaderDrive's market capture of the overall robotics market.

So I don't believe thesis like this should be measured in short term timeframes (or that people should actively trade names like these).

Moreso a long term investment idea about how this company could capture a material part of the overall humanoid market that exponentially grows over the next few years.
引用：股神，这是唯一的红色🤣
评论：381 转发：82 点赞：1,031 浏览：
