发布时间：26m
正文：Just as a recap, these were all my core European longs:

1. $SIVE 2. $LPK 3. $SOI 4. $RPI 5. $IQE 6. $ALRIB 7. $XFAB Sivers: As you know by now, core laser chokepoint over next generation photonics, from 1.6T pluggables to CPO.

Embedded in many hyperscaler suppliers from Jabil to Ayar. Should go brrr 2027 but markets are forward looking, so ramps + qualifications should get priced in now. 

LPK Laser - Glass core substrate "monopoly" with LIDE. 

"More than 80% of major global players have selected our equipment for process validation, learning and scaling to mass production"

Soitec - Silicon photonics SoI substrate pure monopoly while coming out of legacy drag segments.  

Raspberry Pi - Was my fun idea around Raspberry Pis being used for AI hardware deployments. 

Previously this thing was mainly educational or hobby boards, but now used for edge/local AI. Just thought revenue increase would be extremely material and it played out well. 

IQE - Critical epiwafer player for your Western photonics like Macom, Tower, Lumentum, and others. 

Was kinda going under, but thought their latent capacity relative to Landmark was undervalued. 

Also given how important it was, I thought that your downstream players + Govs wouldn't let it go under, so it was more of a moonshot idea earlier in the year. 

Lot more derisked now, very important.

Riber - Kinda monopoly in the MBE space, exposure to Quantum / quantum dot + silicon photonics. 

Found out from OSINT help from a friend latentvalue that Microsoft Quantum was buying their machines, so this was direct hyperscaler validation + kinda de-risked at current MCs.

XFab - SiC foundry backed by EU/US CHIPS Act with power semi upside. (152% Y/Y growth for their sic vertical). 

Main growth was their silicon photonics foundry past 2027 that's getting evaled by nvidia. And that they're leading Europe's value chain efforts in photonics, kinda like an early tower semi. 

We'll see how this plays out, thought power semi exposure + low P/B would derisk the company until they scale their photbunchonics efforts. 

From my own personal thoughts:

Out of the  maybe $SOI has already been re-rated the most? But I'm holding anyway. $LPK and $ALRIB I think are still undervalued despite their monopolies. $RPI is just kinda seeing how things go at this point, would be hilarious if they ended up like a mini nvidia for low end edge ai. $IQE probably has a long way to go given new tower long term agreement, alongside macom. And if they convert latent capacity, I still think it has a chance of rerating like landmark. $XFAB idk if im missing something or are markets missing something. you have nvidia as a direct eval of their silicon photonics foundry, and it's trading below replacement P/B. i think im right though. $SIVE I see has the highest upside out of all of them given laser company ability to vertically integrate, acquire companies downstream to make their lasers more valuable, etc. Just like coherent/lumentum. 

There's like 1-2 more random ones that aren't really material, but just in general.

These are the ones I've liked the most.
引用：Do you have some similar older stock picks, you still believe in and want for them to rise accordingly?
评论：149 转发：57 点赞：663 浏览：
