发布时间：1h
正文：Wow, I completely missed this with $LPK meeting notes. 

And I think markets did too. My biggest takeaway:

- NASDAQ listing is actively on their radar and are in discussions.
- 70% market share targeted, unholy target. 
- TAM greatly exceeds former projections.
- See a 4-5 base case of players this year with orders. 
- Industry is ready for high volume ramps. 

I do think LPK is very undervalued based on these discussions (disclosure: own positions).
引用：$LPKMeeting Notes (not meant to be official guidance just a summary of what I heard)   

It's incredibly bullish imo a lot of great info but I'll leave that to the reader to decide. Most salient points are in bold 

1. Industry is ready for first high volume ramps 

2. Sees a minimum of 3 players initiating purchases (4 or 5 base case) this year with around 3-10 machine orders each... 

3. Previous delays are not down to lide as it was production ready but down to independent metalization which was immature... this is now more or less solved  

4. Last year the internal assessment was an addressable market of 500 million euros... this has changed and will greatly exceed this. Company intends to update this model soon  

5. Customers are now showing more willingness to take on risk 

6. CEO's target is 70% market share  

7. Share of glass in total package technologies in 2030 could be anywhere from 30% on the consrvative side to 80% on the more optimistic side. (this is not market share btw) 

8. Rev per system is something like 1 million euros... for initial ramp up 3-10 mill per buyer depending on how many systems are purchased

9. 100 million machine orders from a single customer in the future is something they stated they have to be ready for (100 mill rev on a single order!) Scaling strategy... 

10. Solar rev down but very strong potential once perovskite cells enter high volume stage (technological transition) 

11. Not surprised by Price action and believes it's reasonably priced 

12. Advanced packaging rev will be significantly greater than what other segments deliver in th 

13. LIDE is only the entry ticket, there are many other adjacent rev opportunities in advanced packaging 

14. Listing on a high volume exchange (like NASDAQ) is actively on their radar and discussions
评论：124 转发：26 点赞：499 浏览：104,650
