发布时间：Jun 9
正文：Given my recent popularity, might be a good time to put out a PSA. 

Early followers have known this from the start:

1. I don't do any paid promotions, paid marketing, or accept outside gifts. 

But I appreciate all the recent outreach from companies!

If you see or engage with something online related to any type of payment, it's fabricated for engagement or a scammer. 

The reason I don't want to is because I'm just posting on X for fun, and when money is involved it turns into a job (which I don't want it to feel like).

Also, well off personally so I've never felt influenced by anyone outside.

2. The only "paid" thing I have is $1 subscriptions. That's all. 

From the very start, I've never taken a single penny outside of X subscriptions/creator sharing. Which is why I say in my bio: 

"I only use X, beware of imposters." 

Anyone approaching you to share an external community or app is a scammer or imposter. 

It's just very frustrating that people still fall for these impersonators. 

3. I'm just one person posting my thoughts online. 

-> Not some institution or Illuminati team. 

Quality of research is "high" because I have a technical background. And I genuinely do this as a hobby researching supply chain ideas. 

There's not some "hidden" motive like a paid research group from Asia, it's just fun lol. 

4. I will always disclose positions if I have them or if I don't. Very open and transparent about it. 

With Chinese equities I'm just posting research in hope it benefits people find conviction in critical companies in global supply chains. 

I don't have any positions / any financial incentives (so I can be impartial),  and haven't privately discussed with anyone about ideas I post beforehand. 

Maybe it happens in Asia, but in the US it's highly illegal to be running groups or getting paid to post about companies. 

I'm just posting my ideas for free without outside influence, in case others like the idea. 

It probably seems odd, but I'm doing this as a hobby and for fulfillment of helping others. 

5. I'm staying anonymous so I can just freely post my ideas online. 

Reason being is after I first posted negative things about $IREN , I would have a lot of personal IRL threats and harassment from dozens of accounts for me to stop.

Don't want any personal safety or people around me to be at risk for just publishing free research online. 

Anyway, goal is to help out retail investors with free information synthesis; rather than just selling that directly to institutions. 

I'm sure this positive sum model might anger people along the way (who have expensive paywalls, or financial incentives) that might feel threatened by information democratization. 

But genuinely just sharing day-to-day thoughts for free.

Very surprised by recent popularity but it helps me distribute compelling ideas to more people. 

And grateful Elon / X gave me an opportunity through X.
引用：
评论：709 转发：157 点赞：4,750 浏览：
